able-способный-0-false
above-выше-0-false
across-через-0-false
admit-признавать-0-false
against-против-0-false
agree-соглашаться-0-false
ahead-предстоящий-0-false
allow-разрешать-0-false
almost-почти-0-false
along-вместе-0-false
also-также-0-false
although-несмотря на то что-0-false
annoy-раздражать-0-false
another-еще один-0-false
apparently-по всей видимости-0-false
appear-появляться-0-false
approach-доступ-0-false
arrive-прибыть-0-false
attempt-пытаться-0-false
avoid-избегать-0-false
away-прочь-0-false
barely-едва-0-false
become-стали-0-false
behind-позади-0-false
beside-рядом-0-false
besides-Помимо-0-false
blink-мигать-0-false
blush-краснеть-0-false
bore-бурить-0-false
both-оба-0-false
bother-беспокоить-0-false
bottom-нижний-0-false
brought-привел-0-false
burst-лопаться-0-false
calm-спокойствие-0-false
chuckle-посмеиваться-0-false
climb-взбираться-0-false
complete-полный-0-false
completely-полностью-0-false
concern-предприятие-0-false
confuse-путать-0-false
consider-рассмотреть возможность-0-false
conversation-беседа-0-false
corner-угол-0-false
couch-диван-0-false
could-мог-0-false
crack-трескаться-0-false
crowd-толпа-0-false
decide-решать-0-false
definitely-определенно-0-false
direction-направление-0-false
disappear-пропадать-0-false
doubt-сомневаться-0-false
drag-тяга-0-false
during-в течение-0-false
ear-ухо-0-false
early-рано-0-false
edge-край-0-false
either-либо-0-false
enough-достаточно-0-false
entire-весь-0-false
especially-особенно-0-false
even-даже-0-false
eventually-в итоге-0-false
except-кроме-0-false
excite-возбуждать-0-false
exclaim-восклицать-0-false
expect-ожидать-0-false
expression-выражение-0-false
eyebrow-бровь-0-false
few-несколько-0-false
field-поле-0-false
frown-хмуриться-0-false
gaze-посмотреть-0-false
gently-нежно-0-false
glance-взглянуть мельком-0-false
glare-яркий свет-0-false
gone-прошло-0-false
gonna-собираюсь-0-false
got-есть-0-false
gotten-получил-0-false
grin-ухмылка-0-false
grip-рукоятка-0-false
groan-стон-0-false
guard-сторожить-0-false
heard-слышал-0-false
held-проводится-0-false
hide-Спрятать-0-false
however-Однако-0-false
huge-огромный-0-false
hung-повесили-0-false
hurry-торопиться-0-false
immediately-немедленно-0-false
instead-вместо-0-false
interrupt-прерывать-0-false
knee-колено-0-false
laugh-смех-0-false
lay-класть-0-false
meant-имел ввиду-0-false
mention-упомянуть-0-false
might-мощь-0-false
mood-настроение-0-false
most-самый-0-false
near-Около-0-false
nearly-Около-0-false
nod-кивок-0-false
notice-уведомление-0-false
obviously-очевидно-0-false
often-довольно часто-0-false
onto-на-0-false
perhaps-возможно-0-false
pick-выбирать-0-false
piece-кусок-0-false
practically-практически-0-false
pretend-притворяться-0-false
probably-вероятно-0-false
rather-скорее-0-false
reach-достигать-0-false
realize-понимать-0-false
reason-причина-0-false
recognize-распознавать-0-false
remind-напоминать-0-false
reply-ответить-0-false
respond-отвечать-0-false
ride-поездка-0-false
rub-натирать-0-false
rush-порыв-0-false
same-такой же-0-false
sat-сидел-0-false
seat-сиденье-0-false
seem-казаться-0-false
seen-видимый-0-false
self-себя-0-false
sense-смысл-0-false
settle-решить-0-false
several-несколько-0-false
share-поделиться-0-false
shift-сдвиг-0-false
shook-встряхнул-0-false
shout-кричать-0-false
shove-пихать-0-false
show-показывать-0-false
shrug-пожимание плечами-0-false
shut-закрыть-0-false
sigh-вздох-0-false
sight-зрение-0-false
sign-знак-0-false
since-поскольку-0-false
slam-хлопать-0-false
slightly-немного-0-false
smirk-ухмыляться-0-false
snap-щелчок-0-false
spend-проводить-0-false
spot-место-0-false
stair-лестница-0-false
stare-глазеть-0-false
stood-стоял-0-false
straight-прямой-0-false
strange-странный-0-false
struggle-борьба-0-false
such-такой-0-false
sudden-внезапный-0-false
suddenly-вдруг-0-false
suggest-предложить-0-false
suppose-предполагать-0-false
surround-окружать-0-false
tall-высокий-0-false
tear-рвать-0-false
than-чем-0-false
that-что-0-false
then-тогда-0-false
thick-толстый-0-false
third-в третьих-0-false
those-те-0-false
though-хотя-0-false
through-через-0-false
throw-бросать-0-false
tie-галстук-0-false
tight-тугой-0-false
tire-шина-0-false
took-взял-0-false
toward-в направлении-0-false
trail-тащить-0-false
turn-повернуть-0-false
until-до того как-0-false
warm-тепло-0-false
warn-предупреждать-0-false
was-был-0-false
wasn't-не было-0-false
we're-были-0-false
we've-у нас есть-0-false
wear-носить-0-false
weird-странный-0-false
well-хорошо-0-false
went-шел-0-false
were-мы-0-false
weren't-не были-0-false
what's-что такое-0-false
whatever-любой-0-false
when-когда-0-false
where-куда-0-false
whether-будь то-0-false
whisper-шепот-0-false
whole-весь-0-false
wide-широкий-0-false
will-будут-0-false
wipe-вытирать-0-false
within-в пределах-0-false
woke-проснулся-0-false
won't-не будет-0-false
wonder-удивляться-0-false
wore-носил-0-false
worse-худший-0-false
would-бы-0-false
wouldn't-не будет-0-false
yell-кричать-0-false
